# GAProj1

How My Game Works!

So what I did for my html and CSS was format it using flex which I thought was the appropriate way to have my game work for multiple screen sizes without media queries, which might not be the best long term solution.  Where my code gets interesting is in my JavaScript, I have three main functions that are compareTo, Around, and CountDown.  Around is supposed to simulate aRound of the game that is played.  I do this but using DOM manipulation displaying what the pattern is to the user.  Then aRound calls CountDown which is supposed to give the user a countdown until their answer is locked in and check.  There is a submit Current Round Button that allows the user to check if their answer is right before the end of a round and proceed to the next round if they’re correct.  If they’re not correct then where the current round is displayed it will tell the user that they lost because they guessed wrong.  I check if the user is correct in my compareTo() and if they are compareTo call’s aRound(), which almost acts like a loop, since they progressed to the next round.  The approach I took was almost an Object Oriented Programming approach but I don’t use any classes I have 4 global variables that act almost as instance variables and they are colors, which is a array of all my colors, currentRound, which is the current round, userClicks, which is the current rounds user clicks on each panel once the user is allowed to click on a panel, and isReset, which tells you if the user reset the game in the current round.  I don’t believe that there are installation instructions other than just follow this current round’s CPU instructions.  I don’t have any unsolved problems but I could add to the reset functionality by making that button able to start a new game if the user has lost.  I would also make it so that the count down wouldn’t start until the CPU flashes have been shown to the user.